The next one down here results this
one here, so here we're gonna say with
use query we're gonna tell it what kind of
query that it's going to give back to us.
So this gives you back a pet API response
what's cool about this is now we can look
at results and what is results gonna be.
It's going be a use query result where
inside of it we know that there's already
a PET API response which is cool.
Okay, awesome, What are you mad about?
The unknown must have a symbol iterator
method that returns an iterator.
Okay, okay, so
we do have to change this from
disable next line to typeScript
-eslint-no-unused-var.
That'll save us from one error
vars there we go that's good.
And underscores SetPopAdoptedPet
useContext AdoptedPetContext
unsafe assignment of any var.
Well let's keep going, with that,
I don't have a note to fix that,
that's fine,replace the pet
declaration down here,
object is possibly undefined, that's fine.
So we can be a little bit more guarded
about that if we use these accessor
methods here if we put question marks, so
now pet can potentially be either pet or
undefined and then again, we can throw
an error here if there is no pet.
So if there's no pet, then throw
new error no pet lol okay here we go.
I was up here is that what it's
mad about is this U state,
it's just mad that I haven't probably
typed this AdoptedPetContext
that's exactly what it's mad about.
Okay, we're fine so it's still gonna
be mad about this because we're
pulling stuff in from AdoptedPetContext.
This is going to end up being an any so
it thinks this underscore here is
an any in our TypeScript or not our
tsLint is actually mad as like, hey,
you told me you promised me you
told me that I cannot have anys.
And I'm mad at you for giving me an any so
we're actually not gonna be able
to fix this file quite yet.
We're gonna have to go type our context
first before we can come back and
say this is error free.
So you should see one here the set right
because this is gonna be an any and
this is gonna be in any and we'll go
fix that later which is fine we expect
that last thing here I told you down
here we'd have to fix this later.
We're passing props through
blindly I still stand by that.
I think this is a good idea and we could
go type this so that it continues to
happen but the easiest thing to do here is
we have no props being passed down, right?
We're not reading props
at all in details so
this is effectively a no op here,
so we can just delete it.
And that fixes that type okay you're
still gonna get a bunch of errors up here
because it's like error boundary is not
typed yes I know that you don't have to
yell at me about that I know that it's not
typed, but we'll get there this is exactly
what a TypeScript migration is like
is like why is that an error right?
You just keep asking yourself over and
over again and you just figure it out kind
of on the fly it's just like dance
with the TypeScript compiler.
Having done this a few times,
it's very much that.
The more you do this though,
the less you fight with the compiler.
But I will say going from
like 10% of your code base in
TypeScript to like 60% of
it in TypeScript is misery.
Because you're getting lots of type
errors and you don't know why and
you're not sure is it actually an error or
is it just TypeScript being finicky?
But once you're like 80% TypeScript,
especially when you're at 100% TypeScript,
it's just incredibly useful.
But I'm just gonna tell you
getting their sucks like a lot.
[LAUGH] You're gonna ask yourself what am
I doing with my life that
brought me to this point right?
[LAUGH] Like I, I just I should go back to
being a barista that was so much easier.
That was so
much better TypeScript broke me anyway.
Let's go fix AdoptedPetContext.js so
make this a.ts Instead of a sub js.
We're gonna import pet from
dot slash API response types.
This we're gonna have to be a lot
more specific with create context.
So let's just go ahead and
do that we're gonna tell it that
it has either a Pet type and
then it's gonna be an adoptedPet
function that returns a Pet,
Sorry, an adoptedPet which takes in
as a parameter and returns void.
Okay, and then you have to like
it just gets mad you have to
give it a default value or
else it's going to be mad
because by default this is
gonna be created without it.
So let's just go ahead and
do that we're going to give it
a basically a fake looking hook.
So we have to give it a pet and
has to satisfy the pet type.
So just make like make up
a pet right here with me name:
''Fido''; animal I mean,
it's pretty cool, right?
It's auto completing this for us, right?
Then, which I think that's pretty cool.
This is the stuff that I love about
TypeScript is it just knows that an animal
it has to be an animal type.
And so therefore, my VS code is
auto completing stuff for me.
Okay, I'm going to say that
I need a description it
autocompletes that lorem ipsum
Breed: "Beagle",
images: you can just give it an empty
array, City: Put whatever you want here.
I'll just put Seattle State: ''WA'' and
then give it here just
an empty function and
that will satisfy the AdoptedPetContext.
So you might ask like
what is this actually for
like why do I give it this like default
value if you create the context without
a context provider above it this is
what's going to be stored in it.
Which you should never do right you would
never do that where this actually can
be useful is you can actually no write
tests for this AdoptedPetContext.
And you don't have to wrap
it in some provider, right?
That would be the very limited use case
where it's actually useful that we do
provide it here some
sort of default value.
The other thing you could have done
here is you could have just said or
null, cuz you can store like null
here maybe if you wanted to.
And then here what we could
have done is instead of this,
we could have just given it null and
that would've satisfied it as well.
It's totally up to you how
you choose to handle that.
I like taking that null out of here
because now this really can't be null and
then I don't have to check
everywhere if it's null or not.
So, I'm gonna leave that up to you
how you choose to do that okay.
Okay so this is where the TypeScript
dash one milestone was
it wasn't the last one now it is.
So if you're wanna catch up
here you can just copy and
paste TypeScript dash one or not copy and
paste, but just take the whole folder